{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldItalicMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red35\green255\blue6;\red255\green255\blue11;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13800\viewh17040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a draft for our recreation of the movie Die Hard 2: Die Harder as a text adventure game.\
The game will be from the point of reference of main character JOHN MCCLANE.\
\
Reference screenplay obtained from http://www.dailyscript.com/scripts/Die_Hard_2.pdf\
\
MAXIMUM TEXT/CHOICE INPUT: 180 characters\
MAXIMUM OPTION INPUT: 190 characters\
\
=======================================\
KEY\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 CHOICE\cf0 s will be denoted after the corresponding text. OPTIONs will be listed under the \cf3 CHOICE\cf0 , with \cf4 red OPTION\cf0  denoting a negative outcome and a \cf5 green OPTION\cf0  denoting a positive outcome. White OPTIONs are neutral choices and will progress the game and have no impact on the outcome. 
\f1\b \cf4 GAME OVER 
\f0\b0 \cf2 will appear next to \cf4 OPTION\cf2 s that result in a game over. \
\
\cf6 KEY ITEMS \cf3 will be available for use throughout the game.\cf2 \
\
//notes include in-line developer notes
\f1\b \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5678\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 =======================================\
CHARACTERS\
\
\
MAIN CHARACTER: JOHN MCCLANE\
SECONDARY CHARACTERS (in order of appearance):\
IMPOUND COP\
HOLLY MCCLANE\
\
=======================================\
KEY ITEMS GUIDE\
\
BADGE\
\
=======================================\
\
INTRO: AIRPORT TERMINAL\
\
\
You run out of the terminal doors towards the impound cop standing next to your mother-in-law\'92s new car, which is being hoisted up by a tow truck.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 1: You shout out to the impound cop\'85 //consequence: officer may react to conversation later\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 OPTION 1: \'93Hey! You better put my car down right now or else there will be hell to pay!\'94 //officer has negative opinion\
\cf3 OPTION 2: \'93Wait, I\'92m here! You can put the car down!\'94\
\
As if expecting you, he responds just before you finish your sentence, \'93Yeah, yeah. Read the sign.\'94\
\
The tow truck lifts the car higher, putting strain on the plastic bumper.\
\
(Tutorial on how to use \cf6 KEY ITEMS\cf3 )\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Throughout the story, you may come across \cf6 KEY ITEMS \cf3 that may help you during your adventure. (How do we want to handle retrieving/using items? This will go into the tutorial instructions)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 2: \'93Hey, hey, wait!\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Pull out your \cf6 BADGE\cf3  to show to the officer //only one choice for tutorial purposes\
\
\'93See? I\'92m a cop too. LAPD. C\'92mon, it\'92s Christmas.\'94\
\
\'93Sounds like you\'92re gonna be asking Santa for another car, Mr. LAPD.\'94\
\
The impound cop hands you a ticket and gives the okay for the truck driver to take off with your vehicle.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 3: Before you have a chance to respond, your pager starts going off. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 OPTION 1: Ignore it //it\'92s your wife, you never go to the bar or see the terrorist\cf3 \
OPTION 2: Head to the nearest pay phone to call the number.\
\
\cf4 You ignore the pager. The impound cop and the tow truck are gone. You decide to wait in the terminal for Holly. You hear loud bangs from the other side of the airport. There were bombs. [Some scenario that leads to a game over we can discuss later] 
\f1\b GAME OVER loop back to CHOICE 3\
\

\f0\b0 \cf3 You call the number from your pager. It\'92s Holly calling from the plane via airphone. She lets you know that she\'92ll land 30 minutes later than expected. \
\
You decide to head over to the bar to await Holly\'92s arrival.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 4: While sitting at the bar, you witness two men behaving strangely. They synchronize watches before picking up a wrapped package. One might\'92ve had a holster inside his jacket. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Alert the police //will be affected by how the impound cop was addressed earlier\
OPTION 2: Follow the suspicious men //skip ahead\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 IF OPTION CHOICE 4 OPTION 1, SHOW SPECIAL SCENE; ELSE SKIP 
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf3 You approach the nearest officers to report what you had witnessed. \'93Excuse me officers, I think I just saw \'97\'93\
\
One of the officers turns around. It\'92s the cop from earlier that impounded your car!\
\

\f1\b \cf7 IF CHOICE 1 OPTION 1, DISPLAY:
\f0\b0  \'93Oh, it\'92s the wise guy again? What did you see, Santa Claus bringing you a new car?\'94 He and the other officer chortled too loudly for them to hear anything else you would say.\cf4 \
\cf3 ELSE DISPLAY: \'93Saw what?\'94\cf4  \
\
\cf3 \'93It\'92s nothing,\'94 you mumbled awkwardly before taking off.\cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\
\
//Next scene: following men to luggage conveyor belt. Asking luggage guy to let you in the room (How can I convince him to let me in? Answer: key items -> show BADGE again) followed by first fight\
\
You follow the men through the crowd until they pass through a door labeled \'93NO ADMITTANCE\'94 in the luggage area. The door is now locked.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 5: You see a worker near the door.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf5 OPTION 1: Use item \cf6 BADGE\cf5  \cf7 // skip ahead to fight scene\
OPTION 2: \'93Hey you, open the door. Urgent police business\'94 // chance encounter\
\
\cf5 You show your \cf6 BADGE\cf5  to the worker as you command, \'93Open the door, and go get the police.\'94 The worker obliges and lets you in the restricted area. \cf3 // skip ahead to fight scene\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 IF OPTION CHOICE 5 OPTION 2, SHOW EXTRA CONDITION TO ENTER RESTRICTED AREA; ELSE SKIP 
\f3\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf3 // if we wanted to incorporate a \'93chance\'94 or \'93roll\'94 function, this would be a good place to do so. Example: If \cf8 random number is between 1-5\cf3 , 
\f1\b \cf8 GAME OVER
\f0\b0 \cf3  and repeat negotiation. Else, \cf5 random number 6-10 can proceed\cf3 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 5A: \'93Urgent police business? Yeah right, keep it moving.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: [chance] Try to convince him to let you in\
\cf8 OPTION 2: Find another way in // there is no other way in, terrorists get away\
\

\f1\b IF OPTION 2 \ul OR\ulnone  CHANCE 1-5, DISPLAY:
\f0\b0  \'93Forget it, I don\'92t have time to argue with you\'94 you spit before looking for another way in. You run through the crowd to search for another entrance, but can\'92t find one. [Create scenario that results in] 
\f1\b GAME OVER loop back to CHOICE 5\
\
\cf5 IF [chance] between 6-10 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 OR\cf5 \ulnone  CHOICE 5 OPTION 1\cf7 , \cf5 DISPLAY\cf7 :\cf8 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b0 \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}